Halo 5: Guardians. Halo 5: Guardians is a first-person shooter video game developed by 343 Industries and published by Microsoft Studios for the Xbox One home video game console. ... The game's plot follows two fireteams of human supersoldiers: Blue Team, led by Master Chief, and Fireteam Osiris, led by Spartan Locke.

Forza Motorsport 7:Experience the danger and beauty of competitive racing at the limit. Enjoy gorgeous graphics at 60fps and true 4K resolution in HDR. Collect over 700 Forzavista™ cars, including the largest assortment of Ferraris, Porsches, and Lamborghinis ever. Master over 30 famous environments with dynamic conditions that change every time you race.

Farcry 5:Hidden in the towering Himalayas lies Kyrat, a country steeped in tradition and violence. You are Ajay Ghale. Traveling to Kyrat to fulfill your mother’s dying wish, you find yourself caught up in a civil war to overthrow the oppressive regime of dictator Pagan Min. Explore and navigate this vast open world, where danger and unpredictability lurk around every corner. Here, every decision counts, and every second is a story. Welcome to Kyrat.

Diablo III:This Ultimate Evil Edition contains both Diablo III and the Reaper of Souls expansion set, together in one definitive volume. Rise as one of humanity's last defenders - crusader, barbarian, witch doctor, demon hunter, monk, or wizard - and collect legendary loot while mastering devastating new powers and abilities. Play solo or form a party of up to four other heroes, either with local players together on the same screen or online. Lay waste to hordes of evil throughout all five acts of the Diablo III storyline, or explore the open world in Adventure Mode to hunt bounties on the elder evils that lurk throughout the mortal realms. This download contains the full game

Call of Duty Advanced Warfare:Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare envisions the powerful battlegrounds of the future, where both technology and tactic have evolved to usher in a new era of combat for the franchise. Delivering a stunning performance, Academy Award® winning actor Kevin Spacey stars as Jonathan Irons – one of the most powerful men in the world – shaping this chilling vision of the future of war.

Assasin's Creed Black Flag:It is 1715. Pirates rule the Caribbean and have established a lawless Republic. Among these outlaws is a fearsome young captain named Edward Kenway. His exploits earn the respect of legends like Blackbeard, but draw him into an ancient war that may destroy everything the pirates have built.